[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> In 1927, at the 5th
Solvay Conference on physics
in Brussels, Belgium, a new
proposal of mind over matter
was admitted to try to
resolve inexplicable behaviors
on quantum mechanics.
With the greatest
minds in physics
attending, such as Einstein,
Pauli, Dirac, Bohr, Heisenberg,
Curie, de Broglie, Schrodinger,
just to name a few,
the subject of consciousness and
the atomic world was at hand.
Heisenberg and Bohr approached
Einstein with a new theory
that the minds of
the researchers
were affecting the results
of the experiments.
The mathematics
of predictability
were not repeatable
and reliable enough
to explain what was happening.
Einstein could not
accept this at first
because it violated all
mathematical models.
Years later, he admitted
it was happening.
Einstein said, "Anyone who
becomes seriously involved
in the pursuit of science
becomes convinced that there
is a spirit manifest in the
laws of the universe, a spirit
vastly superior to that of man."
The spirit is not a mechanical
force, like gravity,
electromagnetism, or the
strong and the weak forces.
A spirit is consciousness.
So for Einstein to have made
his great transformation
can only mean that
something convinced him
that it was really happening,
that the universe is alive,
and we are part of it.
Did great powers hide
the truth about what
was discovered at the
conference because they
knew they could not
control us if we
knew the secret
powers of our minds
and collective consciousness?
"All matter originates
and exists only
by virtue of a force.
We must assume,
behind this force,
is the existence of a
conscious and intelligent mind.
This mind is the
matrix of all matter."
Max Planck, the father
of quantum physics.
The secret of mind
over matter was
known 18 years before the first
atomic blast at Trinity Site,
New Mexico, July 22nd, 1945.
>> Our current science
cannot handle consciousness.
Although some people like to
say quantum physics can explain
consciousness, the fact of the
matter is that physics cannot
deal with an experiment where
a human being is involved
in the loop.
This goes back to the way
quantum physics was originally
built, back in the 19
teens and '20s and '30s.
Whenever there's a
conscious observer present,
he causes a collapse
of the wave function.
Now, the wave function is
a mathematical construct
that describes the
waviness of probabilities
of events at the quantum level.
And quantum physics is a set
of equations that describe
how this wave function behaves.
When an observer looks
at an experiment,
he caused the collapse
of this wave function.
He destroys information.
It basically starts the
wave function from zero
and things have
to start up again.
So an observer right
now has a chaotic effect
in trying to describe
or explain what
goes on when a person
is in the loop.
Our physics right
now is incomplete.
We cannot deal with a
consciousness affecting other
physical objects
in an experiment.
We just don't know
how to deal with it.
So what you find is that
most physics experiments
keep observers out of the loop.
They'll put a scientist
outside the box.
He gets to look in,
maybe, at the end
to see what the results were.
But because his consciousness
collapses the wave function,
they don't let him in.
It's like a bull
in a China shop.
He messes up their
predictions, and they
don't know how to deal with it.
>> We live in a world today
where there's a hierarchy
of power.
There are very powerful
people and there are people
with virtually no power at all.
What's very important from
a biological understanding
is every human being is equally
powerful in their creative
ability to shape the planet.
Then you say, well, if everybody
is equally powerful, then
how did other people
gain so much more power?
And here's the joke.
They didn't gain any power.
The reason they
became more powerful
is they took away
the power from us,
and that the evolution that
we're experiencing right now
is to recover that power.
Because when the
entire population
is possessing such
power, there's
more of a likely better
resolution and harmony
than a world today where
only a few people are
exercising their power.
And I really look
forward to that evolution
when we recover the
power we've always had,
which means going back and
reprogramming our belief
systems to own how
powerful we are.
>> Human intention can
significantly influence
the properties of materials
and the nature of reality.
>> As early as 1957,
professor Hans Eysenck,
then chairman of the psychology
department at the University
of London, wrote a letter,
insinuating that there was
a gigantic conspiracy involving
some 30 major universities all
over the world and hundreds
of highly respected scientists
to silence the truth about
what we knew about the powers
of human consciousness.
>> After the United States
Congress had access to the data
from the Stanford Research
Institute and from universities
all over the country
and over the world,
they were terrified of
what would happen if we all
developed the
powers of our minds.
It was clear that we
could remote view,
we could see into the
future, into the past.
We could find missing
airplanes and anything
you can imagine with our minds.
And they actually did a
smear campaign with the media
to discredit what
they had discovered,
because they didn't
want us to know how
powerful our minds really are.
>> What is the language
of quantum communication?
How does the
universe communicate
from subatomic particles,
wavelenghts, superstrings,
atoms, planets to stars,
galaxies, and all living
beings?
Is there a
communicative symphony
happening all the
time that remains
invisible to our current
technology and awareness?
What if we understood
its secret?
Oh my God.
We would know how to talk to
the creator, nature, science,
and each other and
interstellar civilizations.
Are we in communication
before we meet in person?
How do we, as human beings,
communicate with each other?
How do we find our true
love, life partners,
our sold matches, our families,
business partners, our careers,
teachers, and life purpose?
And how do we find God?
>> Hey, what's going on?
I'm leaving you a message.
I'm really starting
to get worried
that you haven't
call me back and I
guess you're not leaving
me much of a choice.
I'm going to go
ahead and tell you
what I've been needing to
tell you via voicemail, even
though it makes me very
uncomfortable to do that.
>> Yeah, heart disease.
The body is not a separate
entity, all its different parts
just acting alone.
There is a mind-body
interaction that
has a lot to do with the
development of disease,
in general.
>> I just wanted to let you
know that I can barely, barely,
barely live without you.
I was paralyzed a couple
of days ago and I--
I don't know.
I've never really had
the courage to tell you
that you're the one for me
and I can't live without you.
>> You know, stress on the brain
will cause output of energy
into the body that
affects all your organs.
It seems that some people
have the propensity
to discharge brain stress into
various parts of their body,
and certain people
channel their distress
into usually one place.
It's really ironic.
Some people get back
pain from stress.
Some people get chest
pains from stress.
Some people get
ulcers from stress.
Some people get upper neck
and headaches from stress.
This is all channeled
energy and distress
from the brain going to
various parts of the body,
and manifesting as
physical findings
and signs from, essentially,
brain stress being channeled
elsewhere.
Because the brain, I think,
has only a certain capacity
to hold onto nervous energy.
Then it has to discharge
it into the body.
So there's definite
mind-body connection.
A lot of people channel their
stress into their, heart
and we know that stress,
and adrenaline that's
produced by stress,
goes into the heart
and can affect the
heart in an adverse way,
that it can create
abnormal heart rhythms,
spasm of the arteries
of the heart,
and clogging up the arteries
of the heart due to adrenaline
causing platelets, which
are the blood clotting
material in the
body to coagulate.
Adrenaline does all
that in addition
a spasm of the arteries.
>> You see, the heart
is an electrical organ.
It produces, by far,
the strongest source
of bioelectricity in our
body, up to 40 to 60 times
stronger than the second
most powerful source, which
is the brain.
This electrical
energy travels though
every single cell in our
body, and, in a sense,
kind of binds the
cells together.
It's strong enough
that it even can
be detected outside the
body, out into space,
beyond the skin.
It's not an aura that we're
measuring when we do this,
or anything like subtle energy.
What it is very measurable
electromagnetic energy,
much like radio waves.
And what we found is
that the heart produces
an electromagnetic
field that surrounds
our entire body in 360 degrees.
And then it can be detected
about three to four feet
with magnetometers
outside the body.
Researchers at the
Menninger Clinic in Kansas
say they've detected
it 10 to 12 feet.
So regardless of
how far it goes,
what's interesting
is that we produce
this electromagnetic field
that can be detected,
that can be measured
with sensitive mainstream
medical equipment.
>> The human nervous system
is an electrical energy system
where positive and
negative ions flow.
We can even measure the surface
electrical activity of the body
at the fingertips using
a simple voltage meter
in the millivolts setting.
Most human beings
have far less than 1
volt total, regardless of where
we measure along the body.
The numbers oscillate due to
the numerous electrical pulses
in our nervous system.
Testing hundreds of
individuals, our study
has shown that everyone
has different voltages
at different moments
in their lives.
Children tend to test
around a quarter of a volt,
while adults can range anywhere
between 0.5 and 3,100ths
of a volt. If we are less
than a 1 and 1/2 volt battery,
how can we broadcast a
powerful energy signature?
And how can we hear a
message that is meant for us?
>> The greatest mind control
experiment the government ever
did on us is tell us that
our minds are not powerful.
In the year 2009, I conducted
hundreds of volt meter tests
on the human nervous
system from age groups
from, literally, children
to teenagers to middle years
into elderly years.
I found that all human beings
have different millivolt
ranges in their nervous system.
Our nervous system runs
positive and negative ions
through our body,
through our hands
and our feet and our chest.
Our entire body
is being energized
by the central
nervous system and
the autonomic nervous system.
People who have
medical conditions,
such as severe depression
or nervous system disorders,
such as MS, have
millivolt ranges
that go between somewhere around
five and maybe nine millivolts.
Now, to give you a
comparison, the average person
ranges between 50, or maybe
even 30 and 100 millivolts.
That's the average person in
the average state of conscious.
A millivolt is
1/1,000 of a volt.
So our body is running between,
maybe, 30 and 100 millivolts,
optimally.
That's when we're really
in our optimal range.
If there was a way to raise
the human body voltage,
which is the electricity
in our nervous system,
to higher levels that
super athletes train to get
their nervous systems up to--
2 full volts per cell,
which is 10,000 millivolts--
what will happen to
our consciousness?
Would it would be
easier for us to project
our thoughts to cooperatively
affect our reality.
Would it be easier for us
to apply a stronger signal
to the law of attraction?
Think of a radio.
You're trying to listen to your
favorite song on the radio,
and you can barely hear it
because your radio doesn't
have enough power.
Well, your body is like a
radio transmitter receiver.
If you don't have enough
energy in your system
and you're trying to send
thoughts out into the universe
to cooperatively
affect your reality,
to attract your soulmate,
to attract a business idea,
to become more
creative, and you don't
have enough power in
your nervous system,
the chances of you manifesting
your reality the way
you want it to be are
going to be much lower.
So you need to increase
your energy levels first,
which you can do by
meditation, and you can also
do by using technologies,
like we're talking about here.
>> Doing a simple experiment.
When we get a weak
signal on the radio
and we place our
hands on the antenna,
the signal
mysteriously improves.
[MUSIC PLAYING - JOHN DENVER,
"ROCKY MOUNTAIN HIGH"]
(SINGING) And the Colorado
Rocky Mountain high.
>> This is scientific proof that
we are likened to an antenna
that receives messages
from the beyond.
Our futures soul
match might be trying
to broadcast us a message,
but if we are not tuned,
we will not hear what they
are trying to tell us.
You either need more power
or a more finely tuned radio.
Did the ancient stone builders
know the secret healing powers
of spiritual vibration
stone technology?
Did they know that stones and
crystals could hold memory?
>> At the University of
California at Stanford in 1993,
scientists were able to store a
movie of a hummingbird in three
dimensions and a separate
movie of the Mona Lisa painting
inside of a crystal and
get it to stay there.
If that sounds
impossible to you,
this is an ordinary
sheet of plastic.
It's called a DVD.
And all it is is plastic
with a mirror shining
coating on the bottom.
A laser bounces through
that sheet of plastic,
bounces off the mirror
coating on the bottom,
and sends back the information--
a movie, a song, your
computer files, whatever
you want to store in it--
to retrieve it so that
you can see pictures.
You can hear songs.
You can hear voices.
And you can see photographs
in all of your data files
in ordinary plastic.
Now, I'll give you an
example here of what we have.
We have, this is
stone technology.
It's in the same shape as the
universe, which is a toroid.
It's actually the same shape
as the Earth's magnetic field
and the same shape as the
human eye and the iris.
And what we do is we send
these stone pendants--
which you can wear around your
neck and hold in your hands--
we send them into a series of
five quantum energy generators,
and we charge them with
tachyon energy, which
is faster than light energy.
And the frequency vibrations
of the tree of life
and the frequency
vibration of the NASA
actual sound of the sun.
So basically, like little
miniature hard drives,
we found a way to trap,
just like a DVD does, traps
a movie or a song, we can
trap the healing vibrations
of the universe in a stone.
Then what we did is
we tested people.
Hundreds and hundreds
of people were
tested, wearing the
pendant, holding it
with the left and
the right fingers,
and we could clearly
find, within seconds,
the human body voltage would
come to much higher levels.
>> While these amazing
stone pendants can raise
your vibration,
scientifically demonstrated,
could this increased energy
be applied to broadcasting
our thoughts and
true intentions,
giving us a stronger signal?
>> Super athletes and psychics
and healers and telepaths have
much higher body voltage
than the average person.
>> Dr. William Tiller conducted
human voltage studies on human
beings who are Qigong
masters, or healers,
demonstrating
extrasensory abilities.
>> 50 to 100
millivolts is natural.
If you put electrodes
on the ear, which
is a norm for the body
in physiological tests,
then you're talking
about a few millivolts.
But if you're working
with a healer,
as we did experiments,
copper wall experiments--
Elmer Green and I did
this back in the '70s--
then the healer-- you
can measure body voltages
on the walls--
and we found that a healer
could increase the body voltage
on a wall, reflected, of
course, from the body,
or received by
transmission from the body.
25 volts, 50 volts,
100 volts, 250 volts.
We have been able to get
signatures of that size.
And basically, I was
very interested in that.
And I created a
theoretical model
that what happens when a
healer is projecting healing
to someone, that at
some place in the body,
there is a site where
the action occurs
to bring about this
transmission of energy.
And when I looked
at Elmer's data,
he had five pieces
of experimental data.
He had the voltage
on the ear and he
had voltage on four walls,
one in front, one behind,
one above, one below.
So five equations and five
unknown, suit should solve.
And so I solve those
equations, and I
found that for this
particular healer,
the source, the primary
source, was the dantian point,
just below the belly button.
>> Is our bioconsciousness
likened to a living computer
system, having its own power
supply, memory, feelings,
and the ability to
transmit information?
>> Well, imagine that you
yourself have been designed,
evolved, to be the most
positively brilliant quantum
level computer processor
solution generator ever,
ever evolved, designed,
devised on planet Earth.
The huge problem is that over
the course of us growing up,
most of us have taken on a whole
series of computer viruses.
So imagine that
within yourself, you
might have as many as
100 major viruses, which
are clogging the ability of
that computer to function
at its most brilliant levels.
But on the other
hand, imagine if you
can learn to clear that
processor to the point
where it would begin to totally
hum in tune with the quantum
field at such a level of
openness and vibratory
awareness that it would actually
begin to function at the level
that it was truly
designed to function at.
>> What we found is that the
frequencies in that field,
the electromagnetic energy
and the frequencies that are
in the radiation from the heart,
actually change depending upon
what we are feeling.
Our emotional state
influences changes
in that electromagnetic
signature.
For instance, if we're feeling
a strong negative emotion,
like anger or
frustration, it creates
what researchers call
an incoherent spectra
in that electromagnetic field,
lots of different frequencies
fighting for power.
The pattern looks very
jagged and irregular,
kind of like you'd see
if you were looking
at a pattern of an earthquake.
And we see that electromagnetic
signature, again,
when people are feeling
these negative emotions.
The good news is is that we
see a completely different kind
of field when people are feeling
positive emotions, really
heart-based emotions,
emotions that
have long been metaphorically
associated with heart.
For instance, if we're feeling
a real genuine appreciation,
or sincere care,
real compassion,
what we see in that
field is what's
called a harmonic spectrum.
The frequencies are
now working together.
They create what's called
a harmonic sequence.
They're not fighting for power.
They're supporting one another.
And all these
changes occur because
of what we do as human beings.
The emotional qualities
that we are bringing to life
effect that field.
Now, you take that
a step further.
The field surrounds
us in 360 degrees.
We're broadcasting that
energy, first of all,
to our own bodies, but we're
also sending it out into space.
So in a sense, we are
communicating our emotions
through an electromagnetic
field produced by the heart.
So there's a lot
more research to be
done on this, because
now we've moved
beyond biology into physics.
Now, we're into
electromagnetic fields.
How do these fields
affect one another?
How do they affect each other?
These are all
interesting questions
that we have ongoing research to
come up with definitive answers
for.
And I think it's
just the beginning.
I think that what
we're measuring
is some of the densest
energy produced by the heart,
and that there's another subtle
energy component of heart that
is far more powerful,
far more interesting,
and it radiates far
beyond just a few feet.
And all that will be discovered
in the next few years.
>> Of all the energy
centers of the body,
the heart center produces
the strongest signal.
With heart disease being
the world's number one
cause of death and
the heart center
being the main broadcast
power center of the body,
we have to nurture
and respect it
as if our lives depend on it.
If we intend to send out a
signal to attract a response
and our central power
source is damaged,
we will be sending
out a weak signal.
And the question is, do the
magnetic laws of attraction
hear a weak signal?
While we are living at
one location on the earth
and the people we want
to may be in another,
how can we communicate
with our future soul
matches through the field?
>> Well, the most important
thing is doing soul work,
meaning putting your soul
into the conscious field where
your soulmate's
soul can find yours.
And that doesn't have to
do with outward things
so much as it has to do
with accessing your soul.
And a lot of us, that can be
confusing because we may think
our emotions are our soul.
But usually, our
emotions are tied
into past issues and
psychological triggers,
so that's not what
I'm talking about.
I'm talking about
nurturing your soul
in some way on a daily basis,
or bringing it out, finding
ways that will trigger it
so that it expands outside
of your aura and into
the conscious field where
you would have other souls.
And that creates a line of
communication, or a signal,
so that the other soul, when
they're in that field as well,
will recognize you.
And then, ultimately,
you'll meet physically.
But in order to
meet your soulmate,
we are talking about
a spiritual soul bond.
We're not talking about
bonding on a personality
level or a cultural,
social, or religious level.
It's all about the soul bond.
So you need to be doing
soul work on a regular basis
to bring that
intention out there.
>> "The field is a
soul governing agency
of the particle."
What he meant by that is to
field, the invisible forces,
are the soul governing agency
of the particle matter.
So it says, human beings
as physical matter
are actually governed
and shaped by the field.
And this is what we're
beginning to learn,
reading the field is very
important for our survival.
>> The human body has an aura
of electromagnetic light energy
that radiates far beyond the
boundaries of our physical
body.
Doing another simple experiment
with our radio antenna,
we can see that a weak or
static radio station comes in
more clearly just as our
hand comes near the antenna,
without even touching it.
>> Arizona Senate Democrats are
pleased that President Barack
Obama will be in Phoenix
next week to speak about
the economic stimulus plan.
Minority leader Jorge
Garcia of Tucson
says the emergency fund will
hopefully offset spending cuts
that the Republican controlled
legislature are imposing
to balance the state budget.
>> This is simple scientific
proof that our field is
interacting with the field of
the radio waves at a distance.
Our consciousness transmits
information into the field,
but how powerful are our
thoughts and feelings?
>> It's important to clear your
field so that you are creating
a very intentional signal.
By that, one of
the things is not
dating or having
flings, not holding
on to semi relationships
that have your foot in--
one foot in and one foot out.
You want to clear all of that
because that will actually
create confusion in the
line of communication.
It'll make it static.
And it will also bring
people around you
that can misguide
you, or you may
think that they're the ones.
But it'll be confusing
you because you're
sending mixed messages.
So they may be partially what
you want, but they're not,
in fact, your true
soulmate because you're
sending out mixed messages
about what you want.
So it's vital to clear
your space on that level,
if you're looking for an
intimate soulmate relationship.
Totally clear that space and
make it open and available
to actually find
the true soulmate
that you're looking for.
>> As all seven of our body's
energy centers send out living
light waves of different
frequencies and amplitudes,
they're also sending out
our personal information.
This means our inner spiritual
architecture represents
a personal signature of
our knowledge, experiences,
desires, feelings, true
intentions, and deepest
thoughts.
This signature will be
met with a response,
whether we are
conscious of it or not.
>> One of the ways to understand
the mystery of attraction,
the mystery of what pulls
some people together,
why one woman will turn a man
on and that same woman will not
turn another man on.
Why one man will just
make a woman open up
in feelings of love,
and that same man
will be nice to another
woman but she doesn't have
those same feelings to her.
There is an actual dynamic
between the different energy
centers in the body.
If we look at the seven
basic energy centers,
they're like
circuits in the body.
And as individuals,
we're not completely
whole in that all those circuits
are connecting all the time.
For example, I just spend
time with some people
and suddenly, I
naturally feel smarter.
I feel brighter.
That's because their
circuits are activating
a part of my circuitry that
makes the energy flow more
completely.
Often people go to
a spiritual teacher,
and they'll put them on
a pedestal because just
in the presence of
that person, they
feel so spiritually
more awakened.
One of the higher
centers starts to open.
Well, it's not that that
person sitting there
would have that
effect on everyone,
nor does that person necessarily
have all their circuits
together at all.
It's just that they
happened to have one or two
circuits that are open that
complete another person.
In a similar way,
it's like a man
being turned on to
a woman over here
and another man not
being turned on.
This woman literally activates
some circuitry inside
of this man that completes
his energy center,
so now energy is flowing
to the sexual center.
There's always been known
in the past the muse.
The muse would
inspire the writer.
If you didn't have the muse,
that little circuitry allows
him to express
what's inside of him,
simply couldn't be connected.
So that's what the muse does.
So in a variety of
situations, our relationships
activate certain circuits
inside of ourselves
that connect up the
different energy centers.
Generally, we find someone
that we're in love with,
someone that we want
to share our life with.
That's what we often
call a soulmate,
and that's someone who activates
the circuits in our heart.
They activate us to the
eternalness of love.
And so when we interact with
this person and we're open,
not when we're shut down,
but when we're open,
we feel this part of us
that can love them forever
and wants to love them forever,
and that's what we often
define as a soulmate.
They may not be the one
that opens our mind,
or opens our sense
of creativity,
or gives us confidence.
They're going to be the
one that opens our heart.
It could be they can open
three levels, or two levels,
or all seven levels.
And that's the uniqueness
of every relationship.
Never look for
perfection in a person,
but to know that the
perfect relationship for us
is someone who stimulates in us.
When we're feeling
centered, they
stimulate it within us
a feeling, a knowing,
that this is a person I'd
like to share my life with.
In their presence, I
become a better person.
>> The people we meet and
the spiritual experiences we
attract by coincidences may
not actually be coincidences.
They may be the results of
our personal broadcasting.
>> So when you want to make
contact with your soulmate
in the conscious field
before actually meeting them
in person, it's when you're
actually doing your soul work
on a daily basis that you
want to put those intentions
and feelings into the field.
What I mean is, like during
meditation or prayer,
you want it with
the feeling tone
of wanting to meet your
soulmate into that space.
Or if you're writing about your
inner emotions and desires,
you want to put that
feeling tone there.
Or if you're just
nurturing yourself,
put the feeling tone of
having a soulmate relationship
in that space, in
that soul work space,
which will go into
the conscious field.
What you don't want to do
is put preconceived ideas
into that space about what
your soulmate looks like,
who they are.
All those things, it
has to do with control.
And when you're really
ready for your soulmate,
you're ready to let
go of your control
because a soulmate is,
in fact, a soul bond.
It doesn't have to do with
all those outward conditions
or ideas.
It has mostly to do with
that soul connection.
So that's why I say
you put the feeling
tone in that special
space more than anything.
>> As human beings, each one of
us is characterized by our own
vibrational frequency, which
is a reflection of the proteins
in creating our biology.
The significance is
that, as individuals
with individual
frequencies, there
are some people
whose frequencies
are more complementary,
or more matching,
than other individuals
whose frequencies
are quite different.
The relevance to this is
that matching frequencies,
or complementary frequencies,
interact with each other
and actually, in the
terms of physics,
interfere with each other.
And as two very closely related
frequencies come together,
their interference
patterns result
in enhancement of
the field itself,
a powering of that field.
So this is called
constructive interference.
It allows two individuals
that are closely related
to communicate
across this field.
The most characteristic
and easily understood
communication is
that that usually
occurs between a
mother and her child,
which they're, of course, very
much connected to each other.
And in fact, the child has cells
from the mother in it because
of the developmental
processes that
occur during fetal development.
And more importantly,
the mother has stem cells
from her child in her body as
a result of fetal development
as well, so that both
the mother and the child
are actually sharing cells
with the same receptor
frequencies on them.
And as a result, and
this is very interesting
because mothers
will report this,
that they will know if something
is wrong with their child,
no matter where their
child is on the planet.
This is a very, very
common experience,
that if a child is hurt,
a mother will know this,
even if she is on the
other side of the planet.
This is just a
demonstration of the fact
that the communication
between individuals
can be picked up through
this vibrational field
and, specifically, through
the receptors of identity
on the surfaces of our cells.
Well, the significance
of that is it
doesn't have to
be your own child.
It's people that you
actually complement
with out in the
field can communicate
across these distances.
And very interestingly enough,
when people come together
as couples and are
together long enough,
they can actually begin to use
this field as communication
mechanism without
even using words.
So it's very funny
sometimes to hear
a couple that has been
together for a very long time
communicate with each other with
totally incomplete sentences,
with no subjects or verbs, and
yet both of them understanding
the communication, while an
outside party has no idea what
they're talking about.
And that is because we have
two levels of communication,
the field and via the
particle, via the body.
So it's interesting
that we're now
beginning to recognize
the fields in effect.
And this is very,
very critical for both
our communal
organization, as well
as our own physiological
expression,
to recognize the power
of the vibrations
and how they can
influence our own biology.
>> Brainwaves are
indicative of consciousness,
and consciousness
can travel as a wave.
These waves can be reduced
to numerical values
of wave particles, amplitudes,
frequencies, spin, codes,
and information.
Professional numerologists
study these numbers and codes.
They study the numerical
values of the position
of the stars and the
planets at the time and date
of our birth, our birth
location, and our name.
Is it possible for
advanced numerology
to determine our relationships
and possible future outcomes?
>> Numbers have harmonic and
disharmonic relationships,
just like music does.
So you can listen
to certain music
and you know, my
gosh, I don't like it.
It jars me.
There's too much disharmony.
The same goes for numbers.
So let's say somebody has a
prevalent amount of 3's, 6's,
and 9's in his or her blueprint
and they meet somebody
with a lot of 4's
and 8's, they're not
going to get along as
readily as with somebody
who also has the creative
3's, 6's, and 9's
in their blueprint.
And in the same way,
there are certain numbers
that are magnetically
attracted to each other.
Those are the numbers 4 and 8.
So they have almost a faithful
relationship to each other.
So it gets quite
complex, as we look
at the song and the numbers
song, of each person,
and you actually
create two blueprints,
put them together,
just like a musical.
You take two melodies
or harmonies,
and you put them together,
and what does it create?
Does it creates
something jarring or not?
And certainly with
people, we can
see how their numbers
either work well together,
be compatible, or be
completely harmonious,
just because numbers
are a resonance.
They describe something
that is key to who you are.
Your soul energy
is a unique signal
that is broadcast into a field
where your soulmate's soul
energy is being
broadcast as well.
So that is where
your souls are bonded
when you have a soulmate, and
that's where you're already
having a relationship
with your soulmate,
whether you're
aware of it or not.
And whether you're aware of
your soul desires and feelings
or if you're not is irrelevant,
because you're already
bonded with your
soulmate on that level.
And the goal is to become
aware of yourself on that level
so that you can
broadcast your soul
into the conscious field, where
your soul mate can do the same.
And that will
trigger and speed up
the process of finding your
soulmate in a physical plane
so that you actually
are meeting them
and are able to
have a relationship
on a day-to-day basis.
>> Our DNA represents our
entire genetic blueprint.
It is here that
everything about us
is represented by letters in
the DNA matrix code language.
Our destiny appears
fixed because
of this unshakable blueprint.
Dr. Fritz-Albert
Popp, the discoverer
of biophotons in 1976,
proved the origin
of these human light
emissions are emanating
from our DNA, the core reactor
from where we are broadcasting
our personal energy signature.
Dr. Bruce Lipton has made
a revolutionary discovery
that first proved that
the DNA nucleus is not
the brain of the cell.
Rather, the intelligence center
of the cell is the membrane.
The membrane receives signals
from our consciousness
and writes the DNA code.
For the first time in
history, Dr. Bruce Lipton
is proving that we can actually
reprogram our DNA, if we
are dissatisfied
with our blueprint,
and broadcast a new
message about ourselves
to the universe.
>> The fact is that the cell
membrane of the human cell
actually is an
information processor.
And what I ultimately
realized in 1985
was that that processor had a
very interesting and important
definition.
The definition of
the membrane is--
it's a liquid
crystal semiconductor
with gates and channels.
When I recognized this
biochemical description
in 1985, I was very much
amused by it because I said,
I've heard that
exact same definition
somewhere else, and actually
had to go search for where
I heard it, or found it.
And what I saw was I read it
in a book called "Understanding
Your Microprocessor," a
simpleton book about how
to use a computer.
Basically, the definition
liquid crystal semiconductor
with gates and channels is
the exact same definition
of a computer chip.
What this all led to was a very
simple, and yet very profound,
understanding.
The cell is an
information processor
because the membrane
reads the environment
and adjusts the biology.
The nucleus of the
cell, with its genes,
represents a hard disk,
and the genes are programs.
Our old belief system is that
the nucleus and its programs
were read-only memories, so
that whatever the genes are,
that would be our fate.
However, the new insights
offered, revealed,
that the nucleus of the
cell was not read-only.
It was actually read right.
So basically, the cell
was a programmable device.
You could put it
into an environment,
it would read the
environment, and then
adjust the expression
of the genes
to match the needs
of that environment.
So taking genetically
identical cells
and putting one
set into a culture
with certain
environmental conditions
cause the cell to program
itself as a muscle cell.
And a genetically
identical cell,
put in yet another environment,
reading the constituents
in that environment, would lead
to the expression of a bone
cell.
So basically, the cells are
programmable in response
to environmental information.
And one last piece, just to
tie it together for all of us
to understand, is that if you
put a culture dish of cells
into an adverse environment,
then what would happen
is that those cells
would actually
get sick and start to die.
And if you take that
very same culture dish
and move it into a
healthy environment,
the same cells would immediately
recover and start to perforate
and the cultures will flourish.
The relevance about
all this is that we
go back to the nature
of a human being
and recognize that
containing 50 trillion cells,
the human body is essentially
a skin-covered Petri dish.
If you take your
human Petri dish body
and put it into an
adverse environment,
it will cause the
cells to get sick
and to actually begin to die.
And yet, if you take that
same skin-covered body
and put it into a
healthy environment,
the cells will rapidly recover
and begin to flourish again.
So the important reality is that
our state of health or disease
is really a reflection of the
environment that we live in
and the environment
that we perceive.
>> Don't trust me.
He goes, I will torment you.
And I swear to God, that's
what ended up happening.
I've been tormented
by this relationship.
>> In each one of us, there
are 46 human chromosomes,
among which there are nearly
three billion base pairs
of DNA.
That means there are three
billion strands inside of us
to store our
personal information.
If we can rewrite
our own hard drive
by reorganizing our thoughts,
feelings, and higher
consciousness, we can reprogram
our own personal blueprint
to attain any goal we desire.
As our personal energy signature
broadcasts this new message,
we will discover new people
in our coincidence meetings.
We will also gain new
knowledge to apply
towards our own enlightenment,
relationships, careers,
and life purpose.
Scientific studies have
shown, the heart is not only
the most powerful
center in the body,
it is the most intelligent for
having the ability to receive
precognition.
If we can create a coherence
with our minds and hearts
center, we can access our
intuition more frequently.
>> One interesting study that
was done here at the Institute
of HeartMath, with our chief
researcher, Dr. Rollin McCraty,
was a study on intuition,
the intuitive response.
And in that study,
they had test subjects
that were placed in
front of a computer,
and they were wired up.
They were looking
at brain waves.
They were looking at
galvanic skin response.
They were looking at readings
from the heart rate variability
analysis, and things like that.
Test subject would push a button
and there would be a delay
before the picture would appear
on the screen of the computer.
And the computer was
randomly selecting pictures.
No one knew, no one could
know, what the computer
was going to select.
Some of the pictures
were pleasant
and some were horrific.
What we found was,
and in many cases,
the bodies started responding
to the upcoming picture,
responding in the way it
would normally to the upcoming
picture, about six seconds
prior to the picture
actually showing
up on the screen.
Six seconds prior,
the body began
to do what it would do
if the picture was there.
It was a very, very complicated
study, a very detailed study.
It was published in two parts
in the "Journal of Complimentary
and Alternative Medicine."
The data analysis showed
something very, very
interesting.
It showed that
whenever spots began,
that the first part
of our physiology that
was doing sort of the intuitive
or precognitive response,
was actually the heart.
The heart was responding
before the brain.
It began to go through a
deceleration process that
would be compatible
with the picture that
was going to come up.
About a second and a
half later, the brain
began to do what it does
in regards to that picture.
But within the human system
at the physiological level,
measuring that intuitive
response to an upcoming event,
it was the heart
that responded first.
And as I read the
summary of that study,
I found it fascinating, because
what the summary basically
said is that it appears as if an
upcoming event is significant,
or emotional, that
we have a tendency
to be able to sense that,
or to respond to it,
before it actually occurs.
And that our biology
has the capacity,
and it does, in many ways,
scan for the future events.
It's constantly scanning
for future events.
But that is something
we're not aware of.
We don't know that it's there
we don't know that we do it.
But the punch line is that it
would be very useful for us
to develop that, and it
has a lot of utility,
a lot of practicality in
how we navigate our lives.
And so it's just
one study beginning
to decode something
that's remained mystical,
or vague, which is intuition.
What is intuition?
And I think, certainly, there's
a lot more to go in that area.
But this is one
study that indicates
that there is a response, that
the body itself is actually
scanning for future events,
and that the first responder
in that entire process
is not the brain,
but in fact, it is the heart.
>> We know that our whole
biosystem begins to shift,
in terms of what we,
in sports psychology,
have been referring to
as being in our zone.
So when a person learns to open
into that more quantum attuned
way of being aware
and being present,
it's like, instead of
focusing in narrow band,
problem-focused,
fear-based ways,
where we're looking
at some kind of threat
and focused entirely
on a problem,
and all our internal
organs begin to contract,
and thus, our emotional system
begins to go into overreaction.
When we're feeling
emotive, when we're
being within that zone
space, our internal organs
begin to open up.
They begin to relax.
Our awareness field, instead
of being narrow bound focused,
starts to broadband focus.
And what studies have shown
is that in that state,
we actually begin to
process way more bits
of information per moment.
And when we're in that
state, we have the experience
as though time is slowing down.
Because we know
from time and motion
studies in movie
projection, that when
we feed more frames of
information per moment
through a projector,
it creates the illusion
of time slowing down.
So this is often what
people experience
when they're in that zone
state of more quantum field
present attuned awareness.
They start to feel
like they can make
much more effective
decisions in a kind
of ongoing, flow-like way.
We've all had a taste of what
it's like to be in this zone.
It's those magical
times when you
have a few hours, a
few days sometimes,
even sometimes a few weeks,
where it seems like you just
can't do anything wrong.
Everything comes up roses.
You're in the right
place at the right time.
The right information
comes to you.
You start to feel like
you're being guided
to make the right decisions.
So this is part of what
we're talking about,
in terms of becoming more
quantum level attuned.
>> In 1992, Professor Walter
Schempp discovered how atoms
communicate with each other over
any distance through the field.
He discovered in the
atom, when electrons
are in a higher frequency shell,
or orbit around the proton,
the atom emits light
waves, carrying
intelligent information, similar
to the way when we are talking
and communicating,
our brainwaves
go into a higher
frequency wave state.
He found when the electron
jumps to a lower frequency
wavelength, the atom
receives photons
carrying intelligent
information,
as if they are listening,
just as when we are listening,
we go into a lower
frequency brain wave state.
The timing of when electrons
jump shells to higher or lower
frequency orbits is completely
random and cannot be quantified
by any mathematical
predictable formula,
likened to random
human behavior.
There are several other
behaviors in quantum mechanics
that remind physicists of
human random consciousness,
as opposed to
models demonstrating
repeatable and reliable
mathematical timing,
such as the sun rising every
day at the precise expected time
and the nine planets
orbits around it.
In the quantum universe, finding
precise timing and repetition
of events is very difficult
in certain functions
of the atom and its components.
Niels Bohr and
Heisenberg presented
to Einstein at the 1927
5th Solvay Conference
on quantum mechanics, that
the minds of the researchers
were affecting the angular
momentum of the electron's spin
around the proton.
This was because
different data came
in when different
researchers were
conducting the experiments.
The data was always
random and could not
be quantified in a
repeatable and reliable
mathematical formula.
"As far as the laws of
mathematics refer to reality,
they are not certain.
And as far as they are certain,
they do not refer to reality."
Albert Einstein.
In Richard Feynman's
book, "The Strange Theory
of Light and Matter,"
he tried to quantify
the behavior of the timing
of which light particles,
photons, emanating
from a light source,
would reflect through
several layers of glass
and bounce back to detectors.
Light particles do
three things when
they strike a glass target.
One, they either travel
through the glass sheet.
Or two, they react and scatter
inside the glass sheet.
Or three, they bounce
back to give us
a picture of the sheet of glass.
Feynman shined his light
source through several sheets
of glass, allowing
light particles
to choose to bounce
off of or react
to the surface of
various layers of glass.
He wanted to see if there was a
quantifiable formula for which
photons would bounce
back and which
ones would travel
through the glass,
or penetrate deeper and bounce
off another sheet of glass,
or scatter and
react inside of it.
Or deeper yet, travel through
all the sheets of glass.
Regardless of the
color of white,
and various other
parameters, there
was no way to quantify the
strange behavior of light
and matter.
The white particles, photons,
always behave randomly as
to what they would choose to do,
just as in human consciousness.
Could human intention
be so powerful
that it could tell
particles of light, photons,
to penetrate through
several layers of glass,
and even solid barriers?
PhD psychologist
Stanislav O'Jack
has demonstrated his
power of intention
over the film plane of a camera.
His intention is so
powerful, he found
he can cause a photograph
to appear while the lens
cap on the camera is blocking
the lens and the film plane
from receiving light.
He has done this
hundreds of times.
He has also been able to
take pictures with film
and cause invisible spiritual
phenomena to appear.
His film and photographs
were analyzed by Kodak film
laboratories to be authentic and
not caused by double exposures
or trick photography.
>> Several abnormalities
that began to occur
in the photographs,
people became transparent,
or they disappeared,
light aberrations.
And then entities, which appear
to be humanlike in some form,
but not as we would say it
was definitely humanoid.
And these apparitions
went on over a period
of about four years.
It's '74 to, oh, it's
longer than that.
'74 to 1981-- over
5,000 photographs
with a 22% anomalous
factor, in regards to that.
>> As Stanislav O'Jack took a
mystical photograph of the 1972
Seals and Crofts concert, a
large luminous face appears,
overlooking the band
onstage with Cher.
Then what appeared to be a
band of divine beings of light,
pointing, and perhaps even
dancing, to their music,
gazed into our world without
us ever even knowing it.
Could beings of light,
and even angels,
have listened to
this spiritual music
of Seals and Croft and Cher?
Could such beings have
even inspired their music
to be born?
>> He took pictures with the
lens cap on the camera so that
the radiations that eventually
were registered on the film
went right through the lens
cap, and the lens cap will block
electromagnetic radiation.
So it definitely was
different radiations
than electromagnetism,
and that's
why I've called these
things subtle energies.
It doesn't mean they're weak.
It means they're subtle,
in the sense that they
are very different from
the energies associated
with the four fundamental
forces that we
know from orthodox science.
>> Dr. Claude Swanson's
Synchronized Universe model may
help explain how we can see
into the invisible dimensions
of the universe and explain
visions and apparitions,
and how we can interact
with those dimensions,
but more importantly, to
prove that they are part
of our reality.
>> I developed what I call the
Synchronized Universe model
as a way of trying to expand
current physics to account
for a lot of these
psychic phenomena,
paranormal phenomena, besides
the types of things we've been
talking about, which involve
communication, psychically,
and affecting things
at a distance.
You also have other
abilities that the yogis have
demonstrated, certain
adepts in China,
the Qigong masters
have demonstrated,
things like walking
through walls, levitation,
teleportation, things that,
in the West, we laugh at
and we call them
science fiction.
And yet, there are
people who have
demonstrated reliable abilities
to produce these effects.
So our science needs
to be able to account
for how this is possible.
And the Synchronized
Universe model
says, basically,
that matter is not
what we thought it was, and
not like little billiard balls,
or even little quantum
points moving around,
that when we say there's
a particle at some places,
a solid matter, what
that really involves
is an energy exchange between
that charge, or that particle,
and all the other
particles of the universe,
that things are moving very
rapidly on a very small scale.
This is a scale smaller than
the size of the electron,
down to more than the
plank scale, which
is the basic smallest scale
that physics tries to describe.
At that scale, there's
a synchronization
that has to happen,
that particles only
see each other when their
velocities are lined up
with each other.
In other words, at
a very small scale,
all the particles are
moving very rapidly
at the speed of light.
So in the system, at
a very small scale,
this is part of why we have
special relativity, part
of our current physics.
At very high
speeds, the particle
only can kind of look at the
direction that it's traveling.
So if it emits a photon, it
has to be in the direction
that it's traveling
at that instant.
Off in the distance would
be some other particle.
If they're going to interact
mutually, back and forth,
that particle also has to
have a velocity lined up
with the first one.
So the primary interactions
of this very small scale
would involve particles
with velocities
that are aligned at that
moment of interaction.
A moment later,
their velocities have
changed because they received
an impulse from one to another.
And what this leads to is
the only stable solution
of this system is when
the particles end up
being synchronized
with each other.
The ones that
interact consistently,
on the average over
time, are the ones
that take on little orbits
at very small scale,
down to the plank level,
which are synchronized.
You can have many,
many other systems
of particles that have
some other synchronization.
You have a different
frequency of oscillation,
or a different phase during
some other part of their orbit
and they're looking in
a different direction.
Those particles would
not, on the average,
see the first set of particles.
So they would be
invisible to us.
Or we might see them
occasionally as quantum noise.
That may well be the
origin of quantum noise.
So you end up with
a system, which
you could think of like a
stack of sheets of paper.
And one sheet of paper is
like our physical universe.
The particles on
that sheet of paper
are the ones that are
synchronized with each other.
We call that physical reality.
That's what our current
physics tries to explain.
That's where our
laws are applicable.
But you can have many,
many other sheets
of paper with these
other parallel systems
that are synchronized a
little bit differently.
Now, what raising the gauge,
and paranormal phenomena,
and torsion and
these other forces
that I've been talking
about, what they do
is they shift our
little sheet of paper.
So now we start to move down
and dip down and interact
with other parallel systems,
and that's what happens.
When you can start now, instead
of being limited to a four
dimensional reality,
your dimensionality
now could be five, six,
or seven dimensions
as you interact with
other parallel systems.
When that happens,
strange things
become possible that
were not possible before.
>> According to this
Synchronized Universe model,
when our own frequency
synchronizes with a parallel
universe, or dimension,
it allows us to proceed it
in the form of a vision,
powers of levitation, miracles,
knowledge, enlightenment,
and even healing.
Our bodies are made of atoms
and subatomic particles.
99.9% of our body
weight is comprised
of protons and
neutrons, which are then
made of hexagons of six quarks,
each made of dual pairs.
Among the quarks
are the mysterious
strange and antistrange quark.
They are called strange
because they have the ability
to randomly just disappear from
the core of the atom and then
strangely reappear.
There is no mathematical model
to quantify the timing of when
and why they will do this.
Is there a connection to the
behavior of this strange quark
and human consciousness?
Knowing that we are also made
of a significant percentage
of strange quarks,
that portion of us
is dematerializing and
rematerializing at random
all the time.
No one has been
able to determine
where the strange quarks
travel to, other than the fact
that they disappear into
other dimensions and reappear.
Do they travel to other
dimensions to gain information,
or to communicate at a distance?
This behavior demonstrates
that part of our consciousness
does travel into
other dimensions.
Can this help
explain communication
at a distance and
mental telepathy?
In the 1970s, President Carter,
the CIA, and the Air Force
used two psychics
trained in remote viewing
to locate a lost Russian
Tu-22 bomber, which
no other forces could find.
The remote viewers gave blind
latitude longitude coordinates
that led Air Force officials
to point their satellite
cameras deep into the
jungles of Africa,
precisely where the
Russian Tu-22 had crashed.
>> The significance of the case
where Carter talks about how
remote viewers were used to find
the missing bomber who had gone
down in the jungle shows that
remote viewing can be very
accurate and can be useful.
His comments about the
case were a little bit
of an oversimplification.
There was more than one remote
viewer actually involved.
They do it several times
to check one another.
But the fact is that
remote viewing, number one,
can be very accurate.
And number two,
it was really used
for important cases over
an extended period of time.
And even though they
claim that it's finished
and there's no more
remote viewing going on,
that's what they
said before they
admitted that this
program was there, too.
So you can make your own
conclusions about that.
The point is that
consciousness really
can be used to give us
information that might
otherwise be unobtainable.
>> Later, in 1979,
congressman Charles Rose,
then chairman of the House
Subcommittee on Intelligence
Evaluation, reviewed the US
government's secret psychic spy
program.
He then warned that if the
Russians had this ability
and we didn't pursue it further,
we would be in serious trouble.
>> Well, there was certainly
plenty of evidence that the out
of body programs were going
on, the remote viewing programs
were going on.
What has been made public is the
20 year remote viewing program
that was started by
the CIA in the '70s
that physicists had put off and
a couple of the people started.
And they found out from
their early experiments,
they could go into
laboratories in Russia.
One of the first
laboratories was
at Semipalatinsk, which
the CIA at that time
had been unable to look into.
They saw a building, large
structures, a lot of activity,
but they could not tell
what it was being used for.
And so one of the
first successes
that started the
program was when
a man named Pat
Price remote viewed
the inside of the facility.
He saw overhead cranes.
He saw overhead
cranes moving along
overhead outside of
the building that
had railroad tracks on
each side of the building.
He saw these huge
steel spheres that
were being cut with special
types of welding techniques.
They were foot-thick
steel sections of spheres.
We had no way, at that time, of
welding such large structures,
but they developed a
technique to do so.
And by using his
remote viewing ability,
he figured out that
these were going
to become large underground
spheres to capture
the energy from explosions,
and then use the energy
to make a beam weapon.
This was part of the
Russian Beam Weapon program.
And of course, in the
'80s, Ronald Reagan
started the Star Wars
program in an effort
to counteract some
of this technology.
But the first inkling we had
that the Russians were involved
in this was Pat Price's remote
viewing back in 1974, '75.
>> While the United States'
nuclear weapons program peak
in evolution was a 15
megaton nuclear bomb.
The Russians were far superior
testing a 50 megaton hydrogen
bomb on October 30th, 1961.
Was Russian psychic espionage
into the United States'
secret weapons program
instrumental in allowing
them to gain the advantage?
Today, with the
Cold War at its end,
Russian psychic research is
used for mostly peaceful means.
Konstantin Korotkov
is a professor
of physics at St. Petersburg
Tech University in Russia.
He's the inventor of
the world's first camera
that can see deep into the
human aura's energy field
and information band.
It is called the GDV.
The computer software
reads the data
that GDV provides on an
individual's auric field,
and can see breaks
in the energy field,
early signs of damage to
organs, and changes in the field
due to higher states
of consciousness,
the amplitude of energy
coming out of all seven energy
centers, how well the seven
energy centers communicate
with each other, and even
mental telepathy and healing.
>> So it was really a very
interesting fact because we
were able to organize research
laboratory, research center,
outside of the city
in some remote place.
We took a house.
In this house, we put
all possible groups
that we were able to
think of at that time.
And we had been
selecting and inviting
people who was really
talented and clever,
and talented psyche people.
And then we trained them how
to operate with each other,
how to deal with different
processes of communications,
and we've been
measuring this process.
So it was many sessions
like this, several years.
It was very interesting results.
And ever since, we published
secret reports on this.
Of course, it's never been
published in any journal.
But we have proven that
telepathic communication
with people is really possible.
And it was done on very
precise scientific basis.
But our approach was different
from approach of Russell Targ
or some other social scientist.
First step was to
select specific people,
to find out people
who can do something
and who communicate
with each other.
And I am absolutely sure that
really effective communication
come between people
who are really
attuned to each other, who
have these very, very special
integument to each other.
It may be man, woman.
It may be man, man.
It may be woman, woman.
It doesn't matter.
It's not a gender difference.
It is a topic of, I would say,
spiritual interconnections.
And if they have
it, then they may
be trained how to
interact with each other.
So from our point of view,
when we've done this experiment
and we are doing this
experiment up till now,
it is very important
to select people,
to train them, and
attune to each other.
Then it's maybe
effective communication.
>> Do we receive messages from
others without even knowing it?
>> This was the study to
show, is it possible to send
and quantify, measure
energy of healing,
loving energy to sending?
So if we sent loving
energy to another being who
is not directly in front of
you, but in another space,
will they receive it?
And if they receive
it, how does it show?
>> Wow.
>> That was the purpose.
And this was done with a team
of researchers in Slovenia.
So here, we see that you
have got the person who
is sending energy.
This is the right side,
the sending of energy.
And on this side is the
receiving of energy.
So from the right side,
when you talk about,
because the emotional heart is
on the right, it is sending.
So there is a little burst.
And of course, these
bursts are captured.
>> And it's severed
from the body.
This burst is leaving the body.
>> It is.
>> Oh, that's amazing.
>> And the receiver
is receiving it.
And look at the
shape of that, too.
>> How far away are they
physically from each other?
>> Two buildings.
>> Two buildings?
>> So this burst of energy
traveled to buildings and went
to--
>> This person, who
was the receiver.
>> And this is documented,
scientifically,
as biophoton emissions.
>> Yes, yes.
>> If we attempt to send someone
we are tuned into a message
with our mind,
will they hear it?
Will they receive it?
>> Vertical, we have
instruments, on both people,
both sender and receiver.
And they physically situated
in a different place.
And it may be a different place
in Moscow and St. Petersburg.
Or Moscow to St. Petersburg.
Or Himalaya to Moscow, then
Paulo to Moscow, Venezuela
to Moscow.
So we did a lot of
experiments of this kind.
In any situation,
we have time that is
related to astronomical time.
And it's all now possible
by GPS to relate all this.
And we were able, at the
emerging moment of sending,
emotion.
Because we're
sending not images,
not some pictures, not letters,
but we are sending emotions.
And they aim to detect the
emotions on the other end.
So we are measuring sending
and response from very physical
measurements.
This is electrophotography,
electrophotonics,
and balancing platform
so we can really
detect the movements of
sending and receiving.
And in all our experiments,
it didn't matter,
that it is no time sheet.
>> Not?
0?
>> 0.
>> Instantaneous action.
>> Absolutely.
Instantaneous effect.
>> As new science builds
a strong case for mental
telepathy that is faster
than the speed of light,
how will this instantaneous
communication at a distance
change our views and knowledge
about how powerful each
and every one of us really is?
>> That after all our
experiments of telepathy,
it became clear, the principle.
You can contact any
person in the world
if you can attune yourself
to this particular person.
And of course it
needs some training.
It needs some imagination.
You should be trained
how to use it.
But in principle, it's
not very difficult.
And I don't like, for
example, to make phone calls.
For me, it's boring, to
press buttons and it's busy,
line in again and it's busy.
So when I need to
contact someone,
I just contact this
person in mindset,
and they ask person to call me.
And it works very well.
So people usually call
and contact somehow
and it works very brilliant.
>> Could a telepathic message
be sent from the moon back
to Earth?
In 1971, Apollo 14 astronaut
Edgar Mitchell believed
the powers of the human
aura and mental telepathy
were so profound, he
conducted an experiment
while he was on his way
back to Earth from the moon.
>> Astronaut Edgar Mitchell, one
of our team of two astronauts
who were the last group, I
think, to walk on the moon.
This is the third group
to walk on the moon.
On his way back, decided to
do a psychic communication
experiment.
He didn't tell his
superiors about it,
but he'd arranged with several
psychics on the ground back
here on Earth to
try to send them
psychic messages about cards.
There's a set of cards
called the Zener cards which
have patterns on them.
And during several intervals
on the way back from the moon,
he was 200,000 miles
or more from the Earth,
and some of those times he
would send these signals back
to psychics on the earth.
When he got back,
he compared to what
he was sending with
what they picked up,
and the answers that they had
received were accurate enough.
They were well above
chance and they
were showing that
ESP was working, even
over those large distances.
So at our present
time, it appears
as though we don't
know of any limits,
in terms of distance or time
for psychic communication.